[main]
host = https://www.transifex.net

[python-fedora.python-fedorapot]
file_filter = translations/<lang>.po
source_file = translations/python-fedora.pot
source_lang = en
trans.ca = translations/ca.po
trans.cs = translations/cs.po
trans.da = translations/da.po
trans.de = translations/de.po
trans.es = translations/es.po
trans.hu = translations/hu.po
trans.id = translations/id.po
trans.it = translations/it.po
trans.ja = translations/ja.po
trans.nl = translations/nl.po
trans.pl = translations/pl.po
trans.pt_BR = translations/pt_BR.po
trans.ru = translations/ru.po
trans.sv = translations/sv.po
trans.th = translations/th.po
trans.tr = translations/tr.po
trans.uk = translations/uk.po
trans.zh_CN = translations/zh_CN.po
trans.zh_TW = translations/zh_TW.po

